
Menuqu – helping business provide signature hospitality

Who: My name is Steven Reginald Barkley. I am from Quincy, Florida. 
I am All-American love opportunity and education. I believe that computer 
technology has the greatest potential to provide innovations in opportunity
and educational accessiblity. Currently, I am seeking an entry level opportunity 
in the software development field after completing my education from 
Launchcode. I am an entry-level software developer with a big passion for food
and technology. 

What:

Menuqu is the name of my final project that I completed as 
part of my required coursework for LaunchCode CodeCamp. Instead of saving the Demonstration until
the end of the presentation I will demonstrate it now. 

[Show T-Shirt, Show Menuqu] 

When: 

Menuqu is an idea I initially had exactly a year ago I was working as an office employee. 
I read about Augmented reality and played with application of the technology but didn't have the know how to create my own application. 
Thanks to self-study and Launchcode I was able to create my own simple AR application. 

How: 

This application is possible thanks to several tools: Visual Studio Community, Vuforia and Unity3D
The primarily language used to script this simple application was C#.

Future development cycle: Photogrammetry, Gauge Market, Speak to 10 to 20 restuarant owners in Miami-Dade. 
Speak to 10 to 20 Hospitality providers in Miami-Date. 

Show/Tell source code

Where: Currently the food data object persist in the application itself as object. 
However, if and when I can develop a go to market strategy for a viable product. 
The food data will persist on a database called SketchFab. 
SketchFab uses WEBGL to host 3D data in the Cloud and also makes those files easily sharable on social media and websites.

Why: Hospitality services need to be universally accessible. 
AR allows mulitple on the spot data visualization channels to be accessed on the fly from any smart phone device. 
Customers in a greater number than ever want their customer preferences to be preserved where they recieve hospitality. 
A well planned application could increase: Customer retention, loyality, experience and purchase confidence. 

About us
Menuqu is an outsourced sales and marketing company based in Miami, Florida. 
We use social network marketing techniques as it allows us to engage with 
our clients’ customers where they are. We know that consumers want the most 
data possible when purchasing a hospitality service, and that’s why our software 
tend to the needs of each customer individually. We believe that building customer 
relationships is just as important as  food or service sales. Menuqu, not only 
guarantees immediate results and a high return on investment, but we ensure your 
customers get the best data visualization possible. Menuqu is committed to 
providing its clients with innovative campaigns that are adapted to suit a 
specified target audience, and achieve your goals. Our networked social media 
marketing methods allow us to generate measurable and immediate results for our 
clients, so whatever your budget, we’ve got a campaign for you!

Technology Skills and Tools that make this possible: 

SketchFab
WebGL, Unity,  AppleARKIT, Xcode, Vuforia, RealityCapture, 
Social Media ( Facebook, Twitter, etc),  
C#, .NET CORE and Entity Framework. 